okay buddy hey-hey-hey-hey is my GoPro
on hey yeah all right thanks man thanks
all right let's get down to business
let's pretend like we know what we're
doing yeah it's pretty nice day outside
hopefully not gonna die what are they
doing probably should mimic them got a
pee guess it's too late now that guys
taking picture better look better pose
pose was he done
oh I hope you got me better stretch yep
one to ten yep got it yep
ten nine eight yep got it stretch my
back ah yep
that's it right there ah yep now pull
any muscles today that's a good song
pump my suspension yeah oh I mean the
racing the start
ah finally sweet I've been preparing for
this all day oh he's running back I
should probably look okay rev arrived
yep yep and and go go go oh that was
that was terrible I'm gonna I'm gonna
crash I'm gonna crash whoa those fat
guys going so fast
all right focus focus turn turn right
turn turn turn
alright oh I gotta get past this guy
this guy's is he sketchy we go go gosh
shift shift gears up run up strong focus
focus focus
I hope I don't die don't think about
crash nope stop crash don't don't think
of a crash just sing a song just sing a
song yeah yeah
yeah that's that's not a song I'll just
ride focus focus I'm gonna do my focus
focus here we go ready and we that was
fun I'm like a rocket ship blown picture
I hope you got a good one that part's
fun ooh
inside line God's this phone's 450 I'm
good I'm good
oh yeah oh yeah made it word reust out
ow
okay that that hurt that guy's mean pass
him we are you so slow go whip I hope
that looked cool
look at those go I'm gonna pass you and
gone what alright last straight of the
race I'm gonna pass this guy I'm gonna
make it look pretty and I'm gonna win
outside line go go go go go I want to do
it I'm gonna do it all make it pretty
what word winner winner chicken dinner
later
mommy mommy i won mom mom mom i won